# CS-465

Architecture
•	Compare and contrast the types of front-end development you used in your full stack project, including Express HTML, JavaScript, and the single-page application (SPA).
When it comes to developing a full stack web application, we require different html documents for our web sites. In front end development in module 3 we have set up 7 html documents that is located in the public folder. Upon button click 1 of the 7 html documents will load up and the process continues as the user navigates through the application. identifying that this process is slow, we have set up our app_admin that will allow us to have the same functionality in one rendered html documents. 
•	Why did the backend use a NoSQL MongoDB database?
Using NoSQL database offers a easy approach to managing and retaining program data within the project. With the use of Mongodb and Mongoose we are able to store data within the travlr website like user data and trips data into the database. Having this information stored it will be accessible to users to view.
Functionality
•	How is JSON different from Javascript and how does JSON tie together the frontend and backend development pieces?
JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation and is a data-exchange format that makes object-oriented programming possible in this platform. The difference between JavaScript and JSON is JavaScript allows the management and invoking of data via functions as for JSON retain object in an array in a format that can be translated close to human language.

•	Provide instances in the full stack process when you refactored code to improve functionality and efficiencies, and name the benefits that come from reusable user interface (UI) components.
When it comes to refactoring the only experience, I had was working on the httpClient from angular/core package. Given that the package was very outdated and no longer supported the use of httpClientModule was my only option. With the update packages I needed to change the route connections and function to allow the service file to display the components.

Testing
•	Methods for request and retrieval necessitate various types of API testing of endpoints, in addition to the difficulties of testing with added layers of security. Explain your understanding of methods, endpoints, and security in a full stack application.
The why I have implemented my test in my projects is the use of different programs and tools. The programs and tools used is google inspector tool, visual studio codes terminal, and postman. Using the google inspector tool helps understand the transfer of data of states from the front end and backend. Having that information allows me to understand the best course of action in debugging. Same goes for the visual studio code terminal. Elaborating on the testing through the terminal, with in the project I put in place console.log() messages along with try catch statements and status to the response and request functions to understand where the program broke.  
Reflection
•	How has this course helped you in reaching your professional goals? What skills have you learned, developed, or mastered in this course to help you become a more marketable candidate in your career field?
Over all this class has taught me a very valuable skill. Working without outdated packages in Angular version 6 the majority of the dependencies were deprecated thus needed work arounds to make the project functional. The research I have done to pinpoint versions of packages to make the environment “my personal machine” compatible to run properly. Using a node version manager was a big help to install many versions of node.js without the hassle of uninstalling and reinstalling a reverting back in a redundant cycle. I have been learning how to develop in Angular but most importantly handle and solve the bugs it has thrown at me through this class. Another important aspect I have learned in this class is time management. Understanding that there will be setbacks “bugs” that will come about, working on the project early and taking precedence of each project was key for my success in this term. 
